
Spectroscopic fitting
==========================================

Astronomical observations can be handled by the
'AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation'-object, which is able to read text,
ISO-SWS, and Spitzer-IRS-files. A convenience routine is available to
manage unitsAmesPAHdbIDLSuite_CREATE_OBSERVATION_UNITS_S.

.. tabs::

    .. code-tab:: idl

        observation = OBJ_NEW('AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation', $
                             'myObservationFile', $
                      Units=AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_CREATE_OBSERVATION_UNITS_S())

In addition, an 'AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation'-object can be created
using keyword-initializers.

.. tabs::

    .. code-tab:: idl

        observation = OBJ_NEW('AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation', X=frequency, $
                                                               Y=intensity, $
                                                               ErrY=ystdev, $
                      Units=AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_CREATE_OBSERVATION_UNITS_S())

The 'AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation'-object exposes the observation
and provides the 'Plot', and 'Write'-methods for output. The 'Plot'-
method will display the observation and accepts the 'Oplot', and
'Color'-keywords to control overplotting and color, respectively.
Through IDL's keyword inheritance mechanism additional keywords
accepted by IDL's 'PLOT'-procedure can be passed.

.. tabs::

    .. code-tab:: idl

        observation->Plot,XRANGE=[2.5,15],/XSTYLE

    .. code-tab:: python

        # Placeholder

The 'Write'-method will write the observation to a single text (.txt)
file. Optionally, a prefix can be given that will be prepended to the
filename.

.. tabs::

    .. code-tab:: idl

        observation->Write,'myPrefix'

    .. code-tab:: python

        # Placeholder

NB Text-files can have up to five columns, organized as follows:

Column 1: abscissa
Column 2: ordinate
Column 3: continuum
Column 4: uncertainty in ordinate
Column 5: uncertainty in abscissa

The 'AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation'-object's 'Rebin', 'AbscissaUnitsTo',
and 'SetGridRange'-methods can rebin the observation onto a specified
grid or, with the 'Uniform'-Keyword set, onto a uniform created grid
with specified samplingconvert the units associated with the
abscissaand change the grid range, respectively.

.. tabs::

    .. code-tab:: idl

        observation->Rebin,myGrid

        observation->Rebin,5D,/Uniform

        observation->AbsciccaUnitsTo

        observation->SetGridRange,500,2000

    .. code-tab:: python

        # Placeholder
